here is the beast
ok you go out with a cover it's for
that the hints you do not have us
the little colicis busy ramsey ch
rather to go directly to the jemaye
and a little low water when it does
really too hot this is not the
best for the yield so I
tried to show you her tits materia
obviously hot for the fiom who
swirls went on after that
it's a small flame they do nothing to
to see much worse than that but for the
heat they emit from that one
it's not a january I do a little
all kinds dessert game for now
what works best are two the
chip briquettes simply
animals shavings compressed 3 euros the
6 and that makes a lot of weight in front of you
already seen it's not bad actually I
simply introduce the beam again
heated
I fill it with little peel
dribbles to the front and will be
directly inspired in the home
horizontal here
quarter of an hour the log ice is
clearly the flames that are sucked
down I go a little the advantage the
is that it makes pile hair the
good shot compared to my home that him
is refractory bricks in this country
so here we had a pipe that I had
set to make desserts so I
think about doing a paddle filling
automatic
but since it worked well
beam I have more or less 3h30 4h
autonomy
I do not think I do it then in
the bottom a double grid to avoid
that pollen gets tired and in
under and an ashtray with a brick
here which has melted but which will be passed for
you I find it nice removable bricks
and some leaks not pass serious
that's the level we're asking for it's not
complicated I did not land a hand
on it and I 'm going to him but there are fifteen
minutes otherwise to send it to 15
minutes
it starts to heat up match and everything
was going his hand upside down if my
notice i will soon be able to close with
the draws are then in general account
but wood a little obvious even though it was
it takes a multi shot just that
decreases a little
the arrival of time and his opinion that it
smoke a lid is no longer very
strange
here you go, do not hesitate to leave your
comments especially ask questions
if you ever want some
information and I will try to
add some photos see the videos
first tests of the assembly
this is berthod